FEA add PredictionErrorDisplay (#18020)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.2.rst

  of a binary classification problem. :pr:`22518` by
  :user:`Arturo Amor <ArturoAmorQ>`.

> - |Feature| Add :class:`metrics.PredictionErrorDisplay` to plot the predicted
>   and actual values to assess the performance of a regressor. The display can
>   be created with the class methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Feature| Add :class:`metrics.PredictionErrorDisplay` to plot the predicted
  and actual values to qualitatively assess the behavior of a regressor. The
  display can be created with the class methods
```
